Welcome back to Movie Recaps. Today I will show
you a thriller film from 2016, titled Hush.
Spoilers ahead! Watch out and take care.
A small house can be seen in the forest.
Inside the house someone is making dinner,
throwing asparagus in a pan, checking on
the rice and the lamb rib in the oven.
Maddie reads the instructions about the sauce she
needs to prepare and later she tries it, disliking
it horribly. She sees a message from her neighbor
asking to come over and she says yes. Maddie plugs
her computer to the charger and continues the
conversation with her neighbor on her phone. Then
she calls her cat in for dinner and feeds her.
Her neighbor can be seen approaching the house.
Maddie comes out to greet her. Sarah immediately
tells her that she read her book and tries to
converse with her in sign language because Maddie
is deaf. She can read lips, but Sarah insists that
she let her practice signing with her. Maddie asks
her what she thinks of the book and she says that
she loved it. She even tried to guess the ending
but missed it completely. Maddie tells her that
her writer's brain is the reason why she can come
up with different types of endings - any possible
outcome plays out in her brain like a movie. She
finds it hard to quiet the voices in her head.
Sarah asks her how her inner voice sounds like
and Maddie answers that it sounds like her mother.
Suddenly, the fire alarm goes off in the house.
They run inside and Maddie takes the alarm down,
while Sarah takes the lamb out of the oven. Her
cat escapes. Sarah says that the alarm is very
loud, but Maddie tells her that it needs to be
very loud so she can feel the vibrations in her
sleep. Later, they sit on her porch talking about
her cat. Maddie tells Sarah not to worry about it
because she's very independent. Sarah asks her
to come over and order something to eat because
her food got ruined, but she tells her that she
has to work. Before Sarah leaves, she rehearses
the new signs she learned from her. After she's
gone, Maddie gets a message from Craig, saying
that he's thinking of her, but she deletes it.
Later that night, Maddie is on her computer,
eating and working on her new novel. She thinks
through the ending of the book, but can't decide
what would be the best one. Maddie reaches a
hurdle in her writing so she decides to face time
Craig. She drops the call before it can establish
a connection. He keeps trying to reach her,
but she neither picks up on her laptop or her
phone. Maddie goes to clean the mess she made
in the kitchen when she was preparing dinner,
when suddenly Sarah starts banging on her door in
a panic. She hopes that Maddie would see her, but
she gets shot with an arrow and then killed right
in front of her window. Maddie doesn't notice a
thing. The killer observes through the window and
knocks on it to see if she'll hear him. When he
realizes that she doesn't, he drags the body away.
Craig keeps calling Maddie, but she doesn't
want to pick up. She sits down to write again,
but doesn't do much better than before. Meanwhile,
the killer enters her house and walks up to her.
Completely oblivious to his presence,
she laughs about her writer's block.
Suddenly, she gets a face time call from her
sister and the killer backs away from the camera.
They talk about her novel for a moment, then
Maddie tells her about Craig. Her sister tells her
to get back in the dating pool, but she doesn't
want to. Then she asks Maddie to come back to the
city and live with her, to stop isolating herself.
The killer grabs her phone from the counter and
her sister notices it on camera. Maddie says that
it's probably her cat, but that she needs to go
find her. They say goodbye, then she calls her
cat by using the sound of the food in her bowl.
She doesn't come to her calls, as Maddie continues
to look for her through the house. The cat isn't
upstairs either. Maddie opens the door and calls
the cat again, but leaves it open when she doesn't
come to her. She sits down to write again.
Suddenly, she gets a picture message from her
own phone. The images are from her looking for the
cat and the exact moment she looks at them on her
computer. Maddie is scared and walks toward the
door cautiously. She sees the killer standing on
her porch. He shows her that he has her phone and
she immediately runs to close the door in the last
second. The killer keeps trying every door of her
house, but when he realizes that he can't come in,
he circles to the other side of the house and
almost gets inside. Maddie goes to call 911 on
her computer, but he turns the power off.
She tries to join Sarah's network, but she
doesn't know the password. He tries to mess with
her, then walks off. Maddie goes to the door,
only to see him slash the tires on her car
and hide in the woods. She writes a message
on the glass of the door and lights it up with a
flashlight. The killer reads the message and takes
off his mask. He asks if she can read his lips and
she nods affirmatively. The man tells her that he
knows that she lives alone and that there is no
boyfriend coming. Then he tells her that he can
come in the house whenever he wants, but he will
only come for her when she'll be wanting to die.
She nods that she understands. Before he walks
away, he tells her that they can have fun. Maddie
goes to her kitchen and gets a knife and a hammer,
then goes back to the living room and checks it.
Next, she gets to her bedroom, barricades the
door and pulls the curtains on her windows.
Maddie peeks through the window, but doesn't
see him out. Suddenly, there's a shadow on
her window. He knocks on it and she sees him
doing that in the shadows cast on the ground.
When she checks it, she sees that he's knocking
on her window using Sarah's body. Maddie drops
her weapons and goes back to the living room,
crying. Suddenly, she remembers Sarah putting
her phone in her back pocket. She takes her car
keys out and tries to activate the car alarm,
but can't do it through the window. She opens the
door and quickly manages to activate it. The man
hears it and she sees him walking over to the car.
Maddie runs back to her room and looks for Sarah's
phone in her pockets, but he comes back. She pulls
back inside and slams the window on his fingers.
In a fraction of a second she grabs her knife and
stabs him. The man is bleeding so he rips a piece
of Sarah's shirt and wraps his arm with it. He
realizes that she was looking for her phone,
so he shows her that he has it, then he leaves it
on the body. She walks back to the living room and
he tries to open the window again. Moments later,
Maddie sees him moving outside and hides from him.
He peeks though the glass door and doesn't see
her, but he figures out where she's hiding.
She opens the door and leaves the house, hiding
when she sees him. He walks right past her
hiding under the porch, then she feels for the
vibrations from his steps on the wooden floor.
The man walks around the house again, tricking
her to get out of hiding and when she runs he
shoots at her a few times with his crossbow,
but he keeps missing. She gets back to the
house and locks the door again. Maddie gets up
to the second floor and observes him from there.
When she sees that he's at the front door,
she opens a window and climbs out on the back
of the house. Maddie is careful to be extra
quiet. He's at the front side of the house,
so she throws her lit flashlight in the woods to
distract him. The man follows the flashlight and
she climbs down from the roof, when he shows up
and he shoots her. He shoots her again and climbs
up to see if he got her. Meanwhile she takes the
arrow out of her leg and when he reaches the roof,
she pushes him off and grabs his crossbow. Maddie
doesn't know how to load it which gives him time
to climb after her. She manages to get back
inside the house before he reaches the window.
Maddie points the crossbow at him and scares him
away. She gets to her bathroom to take car of her
wound. Maddie pours alcohol on it and wraps her
leg to stop the bleeding. She's in her bathroom,
crying and trying to figure out what to do, then
she takes the crossbow and sees markings on it.
Maddie tries to load the weapon, but she can't
get the bow to the mechanism that holds it drawn.
She tries again, but this time the man
can see her through the bathroom window.
Suddenly, another man knocks on her front door,
looking for Sarah. Maddie doesn't hear him,
but the killer does. The man is Sarah's boyfriend
John. He sees the message on the door and wants
to call the police, when the killer appears
pretending to be a cop. He tells him to drop
the phone, but John tells him that it's not a
weapon and says that he doesn't want any trouble.
The killer tells him to drop on his knees and show
him his ID. John says his ID is in his wallet and
that he'll put his phone down to take it out. He
takes the wallet out and the man takes it from
him. The killer looks at his ID, then asks if he
lives next door. John nods and the man apologizes
for scaring him. He lies to him that he responded
to a call and that he found the place like that.
Someone was inside the house and ran past him
when he arrived, knocking him out. He says that
the person also took his gun as well as his
radio and that he needs to call the sheriff.
John begins to doubt if he's a cop, but he tells
him that he's a deputy and that he's new at the
job. The man asks to use John's phone and he
gives it to him. He pretends to call his station
for John's benefit, but doesn't give him his phone
back when he's done and he puts it in his pocket.
The two of them talk about Maddie and John
tells him that she pretty much keeps to herself.
He sees that the man's arm is bleeding and asks
him about it, so he lies that the man that jumped
him did it. John wants his phone back and when he
gives it to him, Sarah's earring falls out of his
pocket. John recognizes it. He starts asking the
man questions to see if he would be able to catch
him in a lie. The man dodges all of them. In the
meantime, Maddie is still trying to draw the bow
and gets nowhere with it. John is still trying to
figure out who the guy is, but at this point he's
sure that he isn't a police officer. He tells
him that Maddie has a key hidden in a planter
at the bottom of the stairs. When the man goes
down there to check, John picks up a rock and
starts getting closer to him, chatting still, so
he doesn't realize that he's planning something.
The moment he gets a chance to hit him over the
head, Maddie starts banging on the window and the
man stabs him. John still goes after him, but the
man runs around him until he falls on the ground.
Maddie is seeing it all happen and the man
thanks her for showing up at the right time.
He leans toward John and he jumps him, tackling
him over and grabbing him tightly. He tells Maddie
to run. When she goes out the back door the man
runs after her and hits her over the head with a
rock, killing her. That was just an outcome of
her running away playing out in Maddie's head.
Her inner voice tells her that she can't run.
She's still inside the house. John dies before
he could kill the man. Maddie keeps going through
all the different possibilities and outcomes of
her situation. She wonders is she could shoot
him or go outside and get the power back on.
She thinks about the places she could hide
in the house like the bathroom or the loft.
Whatever she chooses if he doesn't find her,
she can still bleed to death. Outside of the
house she can hide in the crawlspace, but he
knows that she hid there once. She's running
out of time because she's getting dizzy, cold
and her vision is starting to blur. Her inner
voice tells her that he has the advantage, one
way or the other. She can't run, she can't hide
and she can't wait. Maddie suddenly realizes
what she needs to do to save herself. Kill him.
Meanwhile, the man is going through John's
pockets and finds a pack of cigarettes.
He goes over to Maddie's car and takes out the
wrench. Sitting down on the car, he lights a
cigarette and decides that he'll go inside the
house in a little while, until she looses a bit
more blood. Suddenly, her cat appears. He crouches
down to her and is about to kill her, when Maddie
shoots him with the crossbow. She runs back inside
and he goes after her, catching her hand with the
door and breaking it. He lets her hand go and
she locks the door. The man breaks the arrow and
tells her that he's coming in. Maddie stands up to
face him, then uses her own blood to write "do it
coward" on the glass. He walks to the car to get
the wrench and Maddie writes down his description
in the open document on her laptop. As he's
breaking down the glass on her door, she writes
a message for her mom and dad. Maddie hides in the
bathroom and waits for him there. She begins to
loose consciousness and doesn't notice him coming
in from the window behind her. The man lets out
a breath which she can feel on her neck, so she
turns around dodging his knife and she stabs him.
She runs out of the bathroom and gets to the
kitchen, seemingly passing out on the floor.
He limps toward her, ready to kill her when
suddenly she sprays his eyes with wasp repellent.
She grabs the fire alarm and activates it, further
incapacitating him until he drops the knife.
Maddie grabs the knife, but he pushes her on
the floor and they fight. He almost kills her,
when she reaches the wine opener and kills him.
She regains her strength and takes her phone out
of his pocket. She dials 9 11 and passes
out. A bit later, Maddie walks out of her
house and sits on her porch. Her cat sits next
to her. The police finally arrive at the scene.